Docs/new vscode extension (#6264)
Kilo-Org/kilocode: packages/kilo-docs/pages/code-with-ai/platforms/new-vscode-extension.md

---
title: "New VS Code Extension (Beta)"
description: "The new Kilo Code VS Code extension, now available in beta"
---

# New VS Code Extension (Beta)

The new Kilo Code VS Code extension is now available in beta.

> You can install it directly from the [VS Code Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=kilocode.kilo-code).

Reviewer: Should we link to the install docs/tab which shows how to install the preview version? 
```suggestion
You can install the pre-release version from the [VS Code Marketplace](https://kilo.ai/docs/getting-started/installing).
```

{% callout type="warning" title="Early Release" %}
This is an early release — features and behavior may change frequently as we iterate toward GA.
{% /callout %}

---

## About

The new extension is built on top of the Kilo CLI 1.0 architecture, which powers a more consistent and scalable agent runtime across environments.

- **Built on the new CLI foundation**
- **Actively in beta** — improvements and features are being shipped frequently
- **Designed to align the IDE experience** with the CLI and future platform capabilities

If you encounter any issues, please report them on GitHub:
👉 [https://github.com/Kilo-Org/kilocode/issues](https://github.com/Kilo-Org/kilocode/issues)

---

## Available Features

The beta currently includes:

- Core chat and agent behavior
- Kilo Auto mode

> - Model and gateway selection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kilo Gateway support
```
